log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Critical
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Warning
log-type: Error-Error-Critical
log-type: Error-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Critical
log-type: Info-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Critical-Error-Error
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Error-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Error-Error-Error
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Error
log-type: Error-Error-Error
log-type: Error-Error-Error
log-type: Warning-Error-Error
log-type: Critical-Error-Info
log-type: Critical-Error-Critical
log-type: Critical-Error-Error
